[DOCFIX] Update port list on Docker doc (#11394)
Alluxio/alluxio: docs/en/deploy/Running-Alluxio-On-Docker.md

+ Master RPC on port 19998
+ Worker RPC on port 29999

Within the Alluxio cluster, please also make sure the master and worker containers can reach
each other on the following ports.
You can find all the ports used by Alluxio components in [Alluxio configurations]({{ '/en/reference/Properties-List.html?q=port' | relativize_url }})

+ Master RPC on port 19998

> + Master embedded journal on port 19200 if you are using [Internal leader selection]({{ '/en/deploy/Running-Alluxio-On-Docker.html#option-a-internal-leader-election' | relativize_url }})

Reviewer: nit: Internal leader election

+ Job master RPC on port 20001

> + Job master embedded journal on port 20003 if you are using [Internal leader selection]({{ '/en/deploy/Running-Alluxio-On-Docker.html#option-a-internal-leader-election' | relativize_url }})

Reviewer: Internal leader election

+ Worker RPC on port 29999
+ Job worker RPC on port 30001
+ Job worker data on port 30001

> 

Reviewer: We can also refer users to the `Requirements` page that lists out all of these ports? I think it would be better to do that rather than having the information duplicated

Author: Good call. The table of contents in missing on the `Requirements` page. This will be fixed once https://github.com/Alluxio/alluxio/pull/11438 is in.

Reviewer: I still think we should remove this section?

Author: Yes PTAL at the latest change. #11438 fixes the Requirements.html page by adding the table of contents (and generates the missing links).

Notes:

  1. The argument `--net=host ` tells Docker to use the host network.
     Under this setup, the containers are directly using the host's network adapter.  
     All containers will have the same hostname and IP address as the Docker host,
     and all the host's ports are directly mapped to containers. Therefore, all the required container
     ports `19999, 19998, 29999, 30000` are available for the clients via the Docker host.
     You can find more details about this setting [here](https://docs.docker.com/network/host/).
  1. The argument  `-e ALLUXIO_JAVA_OPTS="-Dalluxio.worker.memory.size=1G -Dalluxio.master.hostname=$(hostname -i)"`
     allocates the worker's memory capacity and bind the master address. 

>      In host network, the master can't be referenced to by the master container name `alluxio-master` or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     When using the `host` network driver, the master can't be referenced to by the master container name `alluxio-master` or
```

     it will throw `"No Alluxio worker available" ` error.
     Instead, it should be referenced to by the host IP address.

>      The substitution `$(hostname -i)` does the trick.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     The substitution `$(hostname -i)` uses the docker host's name instead.
```

  1. The argument `--net=alluxio_network` tells Docker to use the user-defined bridge network ```alluxio_network```.
     All containers will use their own container IDs as their hostname, and each of them has a different IP
     address within the network's subnet.
     Containers connected to the same user-defined bridge network effectively expose all ports to each other,

>      unless firewall policies are defined specifically. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     unless firewall policies are defined. 
```

>      You can find more details about bridge network [here](https://docs.docker.com/network/bridge/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     You can find more details about the bridge network driver [here](https://docs.docker.com/network/bridge/).
```

>   1. Only the specified ports (-p option) are exposed to the outside network, where the client may be run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Only the specified ports (`-p` option) are exposed to the outside network, where the client may be run.
```
